I don't want to get in trouble with any of your rival.
That's what I do about this.
I'm just trying to keep people to protect their videos,
that you just try to, and then just bring it.
It is good for you to take time out to come up here
and interview me.
And I'm ready for any questions you might have.
And I'm ready to do that.
At first, I want to say, I don't want to say it over
to the, I'm there.
I'm not going to let you mention it to my effort
that I'm not going to do.
I hope that my services are pleasing to these people.
I think it's not a state of fun to see
as they are treated as a good time.
Well, by the way, there's so many things I could ask you about.
I hardly know what it began.
But I assume that the people of color to you
would just like to have a thumbnail sketch
if I'm satisfied in the United States,
and I'm doing the week.
But that's an easy question to answer,
really.
We have been considering to have two or three weeks
not to get, not to get, not to get.
And you know, the Senate has to throw amendments
to the National Gas Act on the,
to the remainder of the week,
the voters are various thunderous views,
including the rivers and towers of legislation
and also the displaced district.
Well, I suppose I'm in the immediate broadcast.
It's not your reason.
For your opposition to the vote-down,
the farewell, yes, I have, Lee.
Recently, I might say that I have pushed a bill
in the Southern North Indian,
there's an insufficient competition among gas producers
as production and the whole of consumers' fighting gas.
I think the rate for regulation
by the federal part of the mission
whenever it starts making progress
and starts is essential to prevent material increases
in the rates of natural gas users
and electricity and elsewhere.
Well, some of them are the producers
of natural gas, but they were not repeating a fair pocket
on their investment.
They are very mild-compension,
but the testimony on the hearing
reflects the number of stockholders,
hardly large amounts,
largely natural gas companies
who are getting dividends
of 30% on their common stock.
I would say that's pretty good return.
Hey, how this needs to be pretty fast.
But the teams just have been kind of fast.
I will be on our engineering development center
with that super-tonic aircraft
and other mechanisms,
and it's going to be quite a fight.
I will be here,
and you now win the construction,
and we'll be talking.
Well, I'll leave,
but it's good to know that
people like yourself are interested
in the Arnold Air Engineering Development Center,
which is for this,
that is doing a whole lot to
and another thing
to advertise and and see.
And I have no doubt
that an information has been
constructed and constructed
and is going to get started.
The four engineers
have greatly improved the construction program,
and the top-around of our engineers
are the first part of the program
to get underway about how it's first.
A lot will probably consist of
the steeping building
and will cost $100,000.
Then I hear the four engineers
will begin the water systems
with the vast planetary and fire detection
a little bit later on
about the middle of September.
And then about a month later,
I think the plan is to install
a storage.
The storage,
the sleep in the railroad work will,
again,
along in November,
according to the start destination I have,
a first for living and earth-paring
and stunts in and
the stuff is rolled
to start until they got underway
from time with them in the next two or three months.
And I have a time
at a $3,500,000 time
that's going to be closed
and we'll get underway
and all it's also.
The landowners in America
have been mentioned
and they can put on foot here.
At any time,
for the beginning of construction
of the actual experimental units
this year,
I have no doubt
that they're making about about either,
please.
But I'll talk about it,
talk about it,
but it's still a few tests,
high altitude engines
so perhaps that's probably
a lot of part of this year,
maybe a new kind of lower distance.
And not though,
one other experimental facility
will probably be
begun about the same time.
The center of the UNO
over the air force
of the car of engineers
has a project community
and connection with the center world
to the expected surrounding towns
to handle this new,
in-fox display.
of the most considerable difference
of a tenium
in the air force
and the four engineers
on that point.
I understand
in about the matter is
that at the present time
a community will be filled
on the spot.
Of course,
the incident of trade
coming to the area
will be tight and item
and very sizable one
indeed.
For the very own
scientific keyboard,
the fourth-giolin tenet
will be answering questions
for the center takers.
That's what ends
the purpose of the ten-year
center.
And the first place leads
to substitutions
of the bad part
is the spending of
centers to determine
the number of representatives
in the lower house of centers.
These were demonstrated
in types.
At the same time,
valuable information
is covered by
this number
to store
prevent the 19th
of days.
and other
educational organizations
have with public
agencies.
And this is
a question that income
of just the majority
of the 13th house.
And a battle for businesses
and serving the very
market.
All of these
information are
gained in one
fifteen and the
one-class
add up to
a level of
the most
efforts to obtain
information
relating to
subtraction, housing
and other
services.
The 45 basic
substance in the
population
is done.
But only several of these
are made to be answered
by most people.
What's the first
kind of thing that I
reviewed the antics
items with
high-continuity
and conventional?
Nobody has
been it, but my own.
Well, the federal
lower clouds of
the antics,
but the same
amount of the
clouds of the antics
are made to the
criminal of the country
reveal any of the
young, under the
implementation of
the cloud that
is given.
The only one
for fifty-fifth
people is
designed to be
designed to conceal
the identity of those
who devide the
nation.
That population
came and
are in both
committees this year.
country's bureau
is tough to
serve you to be
up.
The power of the
nation is confirmed by
more than nineteen
million persons
over nineteen-hundred
percent.
The population of
poverty run in the
neighborhood of the
Rhino-hundred-and-fifth
one million people
is here.
I have stuck
in the
country
for the
first time in
the
country.
largest
population
country is
the
largest population in
country.
The
population is
just
just a
couple of
hundred
hundredéž
court
plot
action.
All
the
population
2 Bring
your
park
million
country
met
the
mountains
that
comes
forink
films
.